qtcreator: add page (#5813)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/qtcreator.md

# qtcreator

> Cross-platform IDE for Qt applications.
> More information: <https://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-cli.html>.

- Start Qt Creator:

`qtcreator`

- Start Qt Creator and restore the last session:

`qtcreator -lastsession`

- Start Qt Creator but don't load the specified plugin:

`qtcreator -noload {{plugin}}`

- Start Qt Creator but don't load any plugins:

`qtcreator -noload {{all}}`

> - Start Qt Creator in presentation mode with pop-ups for key combos:

Reviewer: Is this still accurate?
```suggestion
- Start Qt Creator in presentation mode with pop-ups for keyboard shortcuts:
```

`qtcreator -presentationMode`

> - Start Qt Cretor and show a specific commit hash:

Reviewer 2: typo?
```suggestion
- Start Qt Creator and show a specific commit hash:
```

> `qtcreator -git-show {{commit_hash}}`

Reviewer: This description is a bit confusing.  "show a specific commit hash" doesn't necessarily mean anything to infrequent users of the command 🤔

Author: I just tested it and it seems to show the diff between the specified commit and the previous one. I don't really know how to correctly say that in "git" language tough.

Reviewer 3: I think we use `diff` to say that ([git-show.md](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/common/git-show.md)):
```
- Start Qt Creator and show the diff from a specific commit:

`qtcreator -git-show {{commit}}`
```
